IT Associate - Software Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Careers Home Search for Jobs Join Our Talent Community! IT Associate - Software Engineer page is loaded IT Associate - Software Engineer Apply locations Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago job requisition id 835051 Our Fortune 500 company is driving a digital transformation and looking for forward-thinking innovators to disrupt how our industry thinks about and uses technology. As one of the world's leading employee benefits providers, we help millions of people gain affordable access to benefits that help them protect their families, their finances and their futures. Are you an asker of questions, a solver of problems, and a challenger of the status quo? Our mission is to provide a differentiated customer experience and exceed the expectations people have of technology at any company — not just insurers. We are seeking individuals to join our team of talented IT professionals who share never-ending passion and an unwavering focus on our customer experience. Team members comfortable working in an agile, fast-paced, and delivery-focused environment thrive in our environment where we value an entrepreneurial spirit and those who challenge the status-quo. Unum is changing, and we’re excited about what’s next. Join us. General Summary: Unum is seeking motivated and high-potential individuals to join our IT team as a Software Engineer Associate. This entry level role is designed to attract and support strong candidates as they begin their careers in technology at Unum. As an Associate, you will gain hands-on experience in software development and engineering within an Agile environment while working closely with experienced professionals across various teams, applications, and platforms used within Unum’s IT organization. Principal Duties and Responsibilities An Associate is responsible for the analysis, design, testing, implementation, and maintenance of new and existing features for the applications for a given business domain Responsible for communication and collaboration with team members and Manager in the delivery of features Analyses, Designs, codes, configures, and documents software deliverables using agreed-upon standards and tools. Participates in sizing and estimation activities within the agile team Communicates daily with the Scrum Master or Manager and the Agile team on progress made and planned progress for the coming day, and reports any impediments that are blocking their progress Embraces learning opportunities such as code reviews and sprint retrospectives; contributing ideas for continuous improvement and readily receives feedback for self-improvement. Exercises creativity and resourcefulness in solving technical problems in a way that maximizes customer value Responsible for following the quality practices – peer reviews, code reviews, and retrospectives Demonstrates an interest in software architecture and seeks to design solutions in alignment with Unum’s stated architecture and standards Collaborate with Business Analysts to confirm understanding of business requirements relating to features to be delivered and to help the Business Analyst define requirements that can be delivered from a technical perspective Always thinks with the mind of the end customer, ensuring solutions seek to improve the customer experience and delight their customers. Job Specifications Bachelor of Computer Science preferred, or equivalent relevant business experience The Associate Software Engineer role is an entry-level role into Unum and typically has zero to two years of IT-related experience. Shows evidence of analytical ability Takes a logical, analytical approach to problem solving and pays close attention to detail Knowledge of Agile Development Methodologies Self-motivated and results-oriented Demonstrates strong focus on quality delivery and delighting customers; holds self to high standards of delivery Demonstrates good oral and written communication skills. Strong team player; able to work effectively within a team and more broadly with people from a variety of backgrounds and areas across the organization. Ability and drive to learn Technology Skills/Knowledge An understanding and experience with some of the technologies below is expected, and the candidate is required to develop deep expertise in many of these during their work at Unum: Languages: HTML, CSS, XML, C#, JavaScript, SQL, SOQL Development Tools / IDEs: Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Browser Dev Tools (Chrome & IE), Fiddler, Charles Source Control: Visual Studio Team Services, GitHub, BitBucket Application Types: ASP.NET MVC, Web API Frameworks and Libraries: jQuery, NodeJS/NPM, Angular, React, KnockoutJS, Bootstrap, Foundation, Office UI Fabric, Material, Gulp, Grunt, JSLint, Mocha, Chai, Karma, Protractor, Selenium Security and Protocols: NTLM, SAML, OAuth, SOAP, WCF, HTTP/S, TCP/IP, SMTP, REST Cloud Platforms: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, Salesforce Operating Systems: Windows 10, Windows Server 2008 R2+, Mac OSX, Linux Database and Storage Technologies: SQL Server, Azure Storage (various), AWS Storage (various), MongoDB, PostgreSQL Process: Scrum, User Stories, CI/CD Pipeline Awareness, Code Review Practices, Agile Development #LI-TO1 #LI-MULTI ~IN4 Our company is built on helping individuals and families, and this starts with our employees. We want employees to maintain a positive balance, which is why we provide access to the benefits and resources they need to invest in themselves. From our onsite fitness facilities and generous paid time off to employee professional development programs, we are committed to helping employees live and work their best – both inside and outside the office. Unum is an equal opportunity employer, considering all qualified applicants and employees for hiring, placement, and advancement, without regard to a person's race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status. The base salary range for applicants for this position is listed below. Unless actual salary is indicated above in the job description, actual pay will be based on skill, geographical location and experience. $52,000.00-$101,000.00 Additionally, Unum offers a portfolio of benefits and rewards that are competitive and comprehensive including healthcare benefits (health, vision, dental), insurance benefits (short & long-term disability), performance-based incentive plans, paid time off, and a 401(k) retirement plan with an employer match up to 5% and an additional 4.5% contribution whether you contribute to the plan or not. All benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of individual Plans. Company: Unum Similar Jobs (3) Senior Software Engineer (JAVA & FINEOS) locations 4 Locations time type Full time posted on Posted 27 Days Ago IT Associate - Test Engineer locations Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago IT Associate - Business Analyst locations Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago Stay Connected with Unum Join our talent community to receive notifications about jobs relevant to your interest. Join our Talent Community ! About Us At Unum Group, we’re a Fortune 500 company and leading international provider of workplace benefits and services, helping workers and their families thrive for more than 175 years. Through our Unum and Colonial Life brands, our company offers disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental and vision insurance; leave and absence management support; and behavioral health services. Our 10,000+ employees work across operations in the US, UK and Poland, as well as our dedicated Technology Centre in Ireland. Unum Group is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations for any applicant with a disability. If you are disabled and need a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or hiring process, please contact us by submitting a request here . Read More Follow Us Privacy Policy © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.