Junior Data Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Find Jobs Introduce Yourself Junior Data Engineer page is loaded Junior Data Engineer Apply remote type Onsite locations FL-CLIENT-STATE time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago job requisition id R7496 Junior Data Engineer Req number: R7496 Employment type: Full time Worksite flexibility: Onsite Who we are CAI is a global services firm with over 9,000 associates worldwide and a yearly revenue of $1.3 billion+. We have over 40 years of excellence in uniting talent and technology to power the possible for our clients, colleagues, and communities. As a privately held company, we have the freedom and focus to do what is right—whatever it takes. Our tailor-made solutions create lasting results across the public and commercial sectors, and we are trailblazers in bringing neurodiversity to the enterprise. Job Summary We are looking for a motivated Junior Data Engineer ready to take us to the next level! If you have expertise in designing and maintaining scalable data pipelines, proficiency in Python, SQL, or Scala, and experience with cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP, and are looking for your next career move, apply now. Job Description We are looking for a Junior Data Engineer to design, build, and maintain scalable data pipelines and infrastructure. This role is critical in supporting analytics, machine learning, and business intelligence initiatives across the organization. As a Data Engineer, you will ensure our data is clean, accessible, and optimized for performance across various systems. This position will be a contract and onsite in Miami, FL . Due to the specific legal and contractual requirements associated with this position, this role will be direct employment with CAI. This position does not offer work authorization sponsorship now or in the future. What You’ll Do Develop and maintain ETL/ELT pipelines for both structured and unstructured data Collaborate with data scientists, analysts, and developers to address data needs and requirements Design and manage data architecture, storage solutions, and integration processes Implement data quality checks, monitoring systems, and performance optimization strategies Ensure data security and compliance with relevant standards and regulations Document processes and actively contribute to data governance initiatives What You’ll Need Required: Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, SQL, or Scala Experience working with cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP), as well as data tools Strong understanding of database systems, data modeling, and APIs Preferred: Exceptional attention to detail and a commitment to maintaining data integrity Physical Demands Ability to safely and successfully perform the essential job functions consistent with the ADA and other federal, state, and local standards Sedentary work that involves sitting or remaining stationary most of the time with occasional need to move around the office to attend meetings, etc. Ability to conduct repetitive tasks on a computer, utilizing a mouse, keyboard, and monitor Reasonable accommodation statement If you require a reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employment selection process, please direct your inquiries to application.accommodations@cai.io or (888) 824 – 8111. $25.00-$27.00 per hour The pay range for this position is listed above. Exact compensation may vary based on several factors, including location, experience, and education. Benefit packages include medical, dental, and vision insurance, as well as 401k retirement account access. Employees in this role may also be entitled to paid sick leave and/or other paid time off as provided by applicable law. About Us At CAI, we’re people who help people. As a privately held company with a global footprint, our 8,500 associates have the freedom and the focus to do what’s right for our clients, colleagues, and communities. We have a 40-year history of combining our dual strengths of talent and technology to deliver lasting results across the public and commercial sectors. And for nearly a decade, we’ve been national trailblazers in bringing neurodiversity to the enterprise. Learn how CAI powers the possible at www.cai.io Read More Follow Us © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.