Junior C# Software Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Search Jobs Junior C# Software Engineer page is loaded Junior C# Software Engineer Apply remote type Hybrid locations US MD Bethesda time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago job requisition id 324627 Job Title: Junior C# Software Engineer Job Category: Engineering Time Type: Full time Minimum Clearance Required to Start: Secret Employee Type: Regular Percentage of Travel Required: Up to 10% Type of Travel: Continental US * * * The Opportunity: CACI at Naval Surface Warfare Center Carderock Division (NSWCCD) is looking for an entry level software engineer to design, develop, and maintain software tools that keep aircraft safe and operational. Your work will directly impact the Navy’s F/A-18 fleet readiness by enhancing maintenance detection software and anomaly detection algorithms. Responsibilities: Design and develop full stack applications for aircraft maintenance detecting and reporting. Develop responsive and user-friendly front-end interfaces while contributing to back-end integration and API development to ensure seamless end-to-end functionality. Collaborate effectively within a cross-functional Agile team, participating in stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospectives to ensure timely delivery of high-quality solutions. Build robust backend services with C# to manage large datasets. Perform thorough software testing and debugging to ensure functionality, reliability, and performance, identifying and resolving issues throughout the development lifecycle. Write clean, efficient, and scalable code following best practices and coding standards to ensure maintainability and long-term performance of applications Qualifications: Required: US Citizen Secret Clearance Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field. C# and Python experience. 0 – 3 years of job experience. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work both independently and as part of a collaborative team. Excellent communication skills and a strong attention to detail. Desired: Active DoD Secret Clearance CompTIA Security + Certification - What You Can Expect: A culture of integrity. At CACI, we place character and innovation at the center of everything we do. As a valued team member, you’ll be part of a high-performing group dedicated to our customer’s missions and driven by a higher purpose – to ensure the safety of our nation. An environment of trust. CACI values the unique contributions that every employee brings to our company and our customers - every day. You’ll have the autonomy to take the time you need through a unique flexible time off benefit and have access to robust learning resources to make your ambitions a reality. A focus on continuous growth. Together, we will advance our nation's most critical missions, build on our lengthy track record of business success, and find opportunities to break new ground — in your career and in our legacy. Pay Range : There are a host of factors that can influence final salary including, but not limited to, geographic location, Federal Government contract labor categories and contract wage rates, relevant prior work experience, specific skills and competencies, education, and certifications. Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and learning and development opportunities. Our broad and competitive mix of benefits options is designed to support and protect employees and their families. At CACI, you will receive comprehensive benefits such as; healthcare, wellness, financial, retirement, family support, continuing education, and time off benefits. The proposed salary range for this position is: $66,700 - $133,300 CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic. Click on Search Jobs to find and apply to CACI openings. CACI Privacy Policy © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.