Junior Software Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Search for Jobs Junior Software Engineer page is loaded Junior Software Engineer Apply remote type On-site locations US-VA-Dahlgren time type Full time posted on Posted 6 Days Ago job requisition id R0158659 Amentum is seeking Junior Software Engineer professionals with software-related education and/or experience to support software development & integration efforts in support of Naval projects at Dahlgren, VA. You will be part of our growing systems & software engineering team and contribute to our diverse skillsets across multiple software contracts in support of our Software Center of Excellence. We are looking for individuals to join our team atmosphere that are eager to make a difference by solving complex Digital Engineering challenges. Apply your skills to the latest DoD weapons and sensor systems, modernizing the Navy and contributing to mission success. Successful candidates must possess excellent communication skills and interact directly with customers and engineering personnel. Junior Software Engineer Responsibilities Include: Applying your skills to the latest DoD weapons and sensor systems, modernizing the Navy and contributing to mission success. Interacting directly with customers and engineering personnel. Supporting Naval projects/programs operating in a DevSecOps environment using Atlassian and GitLab software tools. Utilizing and maintaining familiarity with tools such as Fortify, SonarQube, Jira, and Confluence. Supporting developers in an Agile and DevSecOps environment. Performing analysis and problem-solving techniques in support of professional scientific/engineering work. Working independently and with others within established teams, across organizations, to meet established goals within schedule-driven timelines. Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, or another technical field, or equivalent experience. Must be able to obtain/maintain a Secret security clearance (at a minimum, must receive/be approved for an interim Secret security clearance in order to start) Note: US Citizenship is required to obtain a SECRET Clearance. Experience with Atlassian and GitLab software tools. Familiarity with Fortify, SonarQube, Jira, and/or Confluence. Effective communication skills. Candidates must maintain a valid driver’s license required for access to customer sites and have access to reliable transportation (rideshare options such as Uber, Lyft, etc. are not permitted) as this position may require occasional travel between local worksites during the week. Compensation Details: US: $80,000 to $100,000 The compensation range or hourly rate listed for this position is provided as a good-faith estimate of what the company intends to offer for this role at the time this posting was issued. Actual compensation may vary based on factors such as job responsibilities, education, experience, skills, internal equity, market data, applicable collective bargaining agreements, and relevant laws. Benefits Overview: Our health and welfare benefits are designed to support you and your priorities. Offerings include: Health, dental, and vision insurance Paid time off and holidays Retirement benefits (including 401(k) matching) Educational reimbursement Parental leave Employee stock purchase plan Tax-saving options Disability and life insurance Pet insurance Note: Benefits may vary based on employment type, location, and applicable agreements. Positions governed by a Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA), the McNamara-O'Hara Service Contract Act (SCA), or other employment contracts may include different provisions/benefits. Original Posting: 04/08/2026 - Until Filled Amentum anticipates this job requisition will remain open for at least three days, with a closing date no earlier than three days after the original posting. This timeline may change based on business needs. Amentum is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Our hiring practices provide equal opportunity for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, ancestry, United States military or veteran status, color, religion, creed, marital or domestic partner status, medical condition, genetic information, national origin, citizenship status, low-income status, or mental or physical disability so long as the essential functions of the job can be performed with or without reasonable accommodation, or any other protected category under federal, state, or local law. Learn more about your rights under Federal laws and supplemental language at Labor Laws Posters . Similar Jobs (5) Software Engineer remote type On-site locations US-VA-Dahlgren time type Full time posted on Posted 30+ Days Ago Journeyman Software Engineer remote type On-site locations US-VA-Dahlgren time type Full time posted on Posted 20 Days Ago Entry Level Software Engineer/Software Tester remote type On-site locations US-VA-Dahlgren time type Full time posted on Posted 21 Days Ago View All 5 Jobs Welcome Welcome back! We encourage you to check on the status of your current job applications with us. You can also search for a list of our current job openings and see if there are any new positions that might be a good fit for you. Thank you for continued interest in employment with Amentum . Read More About Us For more than 100 years, Amentum has tackled the world’s toughest challenges to deliver agile and steadfast solutions to the U.S. government and its allies. With more than 50,000 employees on all seven continents and in more than 60 countries, Amentum delivers a broad range of operational support services to meet the critical needs of our clients. Our headquarters are in Chantilly, VA. Find us online at https://www.amentum.com/ If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at TAOps@amentum.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Read More Amentum is an EEO Employer EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans Labor Laws Posters Recruiting Scam Advisory Amentum has become aware of unauthorized individuals who are falsely using the Amentum name and /or logo in an attempt to solicit fees from potential job seekers. These deceptive and unauthorized individuals are soliciting money, promising placement in a position with Amentum. Please note any communication requesting any amount of money in exchange for employment with Amentum is fraudulent. These communications do not originate from Amentum and are not associated with the recruitment process. Amentum and its affiliates never charge candidates fees or payments of any kind in order to secure employment. As a precaution, we recommend you do not disclose personal or financial details to anyone as a response to an unsolicited email, social media, or dating website request. Amentum will never as ask for a placement fee or any other fee to expedite the hiring process. If you are contacted by anyone offering employment with Amentum, you should never be asked to pay a fee for recruiting. Amentum personnel will always send email from an identifiable corporate account (ending in @amentum.com) and never from a public email account like Yahoo!, Google, Gmail, or Hotmail. If you are contacted regarding a fraudulent employment proposal, we encourage you to alert your local law enforcement agency/police authority. To read more about Amentum’s commitment to ethics, please click here . Read More Privacy Policy © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.