Junior Software Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Search for Jobs Junior Software Engineer page is loaded Junior Software Engineer Apply locations Columbia, MD time type Full time posted on Posted 4 Days Ago job requisition id R-00180476 INTEL/Cyber Analytics at Leidos currently has an opening for a junior-level Software Engineer in Columbia, MD. The candidate will be responsible for performing the software engineering function, including the design, development, testing, troubleshooting, and debugging of software programs for enhancements and new software-intensive systems and products. Applies appropriate principles, standards, processes, procedures and tools throughout the software development life cycle. Primary Responsibilities Duties include software requirements analysis, analysis of hardware compatibility, development of software products and tools used for design, development, and maintenance of infrastructure, and Cyber platforms. Works on day-to-day objectives with limited impact beyond the scope of own work area/ project team. Works under supervision on complex projects/ assignments. Solves routine technical problems following established procedures and policies. Develops products, solutions, processes using basic principles, theories, and concepts within own technical specialty. Communicates with peers to explain facts, basic analysis, processes and practices related to area. Requires basic knowledge of and ability to apply principles, theories, and concepts of narrow technical domain. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in an Engineering field (Computer Science or Computer Engineering Preferred) Substantive experience with Linux and software development. Substantive development experience with one or more relevant programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Java, Python, Golang or Rust etc.). Must have an Active Top Secret Security Clearance (SCI) with Full Scope Polygraph US Citizenship required Preferred Qualifications Enthusiasm and an interest in contributing to projects that are important to operational programs. Extensive experience with Linux and software development. Development experience with low level or embedded programming (C, C++). Extensive development experience with one or more relevant programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Java, python, Golang or Rust etc.). A strong interest in figuring out how things work and understanding them at a fundamental level. Interest in containerization (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) and Virtualization (KVM, ESXi) and Cloud technologies (AWS, GCP). Interest in fundamental networking implementations and concepts. Interest in network design, protocol analysis & troubleshooting tools and techniques. Interest in networking and protocol-oriented programing and algorithms. Interest in classical and statistical ML and deep learning applied to real tactical problems. If you're looking for comfort, keep scrolling. At Leidos, we outthink, outbuild, and outpace the status quo — because the mission demands it. We're not hiring followers. We're recruiting the ones who disrupt, provoke, and refuse to fail. Step 10 is ancient history. We're already at step 30 — and moving faster than anyone else dares. Original Posting: April 10, 2026 For U.S. Positions: While subject to change based on business needs, Leidos reasonably anticipates that this job requisition will remain open for at least 3 days with an anticipated close date of no earlier than 3 days after the original posting date as listed above. Pay Range: Pay Range $57,850.00 - $104,575.00 The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law. Similar Jobs (5) Junior Software Engineer locations Columbia, MD time type Full time posted on Posted 4 Days Ago Software Engineer locations Columbia, MD time type Full time posted on Posted 26 Days Ago Senior Software Engineer with 25K sign on bonus locations Columbia, MD time type Full time posted on Posted 29 Days Ago View All 5 Jobs About Us Leidos Leidos is an industry and technology leader serving government and commercial customers with smarter, more efficient digital and mission innovations. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, with 47,000 global employees, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $17.2 billion for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2026. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com . Pay and Benefits Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here . Securing Your Data Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com . Commitment and Diversity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws. Read More Follow Us © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.