Entry-Level Simulation Software Test Engineer Skip to main content Sign In Search for Jobs Entry-Level Simulation Software Test Engineer page is loaded Entry-Level Simulation Software Test Engineer Apply remote type Onsite Job locations USA - Oklahoma City, OK time type Full time posted on Posted 4 Days Ago time left to apply End Date: April 16, 2026 (1 day left to apply) job requisition id JR2026501258 Entry-Level Simulation Software Test Engineer Company: The Boeing Company The Boeing Company is currently seeking Entry-Level Simulation Software Test Engineers to join the B-52J CERP Simulation Software team located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. This position will focus on supporting the Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) Software Engineering organization. The B-52J CERP program will upgrade the B-52 with modern engines, avionics, and support equipment. The CERP Simulation Software team is responsible for enhancing the existing B-52 simulation software to support the simulation of the new engine system components. These simulations support the test of the flight software and hardware in a laboratory environment. A selected candidate will be joining an experienced simulation software team and will have many teammates to consult with and learn from. The candidate will support the creation of test procedures using existing design documentation and will primarily conduct laboratory test of the simulation software on target hardware. This testing will be performed either in the lab at a test station or remotely from the engineer’s desk, and in some circumstances, from home. The standard work schedule for this position is 8:00am to 4:00pm, Monday through Friday, on site. However, flexible shift options, including evenings, weekends, and remote work on an as-needed basis, are available to accommodate team needs, personal needs, and laboratory equipment availability. Position Responsibilities: Assists with the design, development, and completion of test and verification of software products to ensure quality, reliability, and functionality. Contributes to partnering with stakeholders to review and identify software requirements, test objectives, test strategies, and testability. Participates in the design of test plans, cases, and scenarios to meet software requirements and specifications. Assists with the set up and configuration of test environments, including hardware, software, and network configurations to replicate production environments. Assists with executing test cases and scenarios to verify functionality, performance, and safety of software systems, identifying and reporting defects, issues, and potential vulnerabilities found during testing processes. Contributes to providing test results and feedback on software design and functionality to resolve defects, issues, and potential vulnerabilities. Gathers information, documents, and maintains test plans, procedures, cases, artifacts, metrics, and data in accordance with data privacy and security protocols and standards. Supports maintaining automated test scripts and frameworks to improve efficiency and effectiveness of testing processes. Assists with software project management functions across test and verification activities involving multi-functional teams. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Bachelor of Science degree from an accredited program in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field Ability to follow detailed software test procedures with high accuracy Basic familiarity with software testing concepts and software/hardware systems Comfortable reading and understanding software design documents Proficient with Microsoft Excel and Word for status reporting and test documentation Strong attention to detail, analytical, and problem-solving skills Ability to learn quickly and adapt to new tools and processes Comfortable working independently and as part of a team Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): 1+ years of experience writing software test procedures 1+ years of experience performing laboratory software test 1+ years of experience with Agile software development methodologies and software development lifecycle 1+ years of experience with Real-Time Operating Systems (RTOS), C++, Git, GitLab, Bitbucket, and/or VSCode Drug Free Workplace: Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies. Pay & Benefits: At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities. The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work. The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements. Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations. Summary Pay Range: $66,300 - $89,700 Language Requirements: Not Applicable Education: Not Applicable Relocation: This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility. Export Control Requirement: This position must meet U.S. export control compliance requirements. To meet U.S. export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.62 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Safety Sensitive: This is not a Safety Sensitive Position. Security Clearance: This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the U.S. Government requires U.S. Citizenship. An interim and/or final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required. Visa Sponsorship: Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Contingent Upon Award Program This position is not contingent upon program award Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website. Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. EEO is the law Boeing EEO Policy Request an Accommodation Applicant Privacy Boeing Participates in E – Verify E-Verify (English) E-Verify (Spanish) Right to Work Statement Right to Work (English) Right to Work (Spanish) About Us This site is for current Boeing Subsidiary Employees. If you are not a current Boeing Subsidiary Employee, you should not apply at this site. Please navigate to jobs.Boeing.com to apply to open positions for external applicants. If you are a direct Boeing employee please navigate to "Find Jobs" in Workday. Boeing is committed to protecting, connecting and exploring our world and beyond, safely and sustainably. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive of every teammate, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us. Read More Follow Us Applicant Privacy Policy © 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.