Skip to Main Contentsteampunk
Please Enable Cookies to Continue
Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.
Welcome page
Returning Candidate?
Log back in!
Machine Learning Engineer
Job Location
US-VA-McLean
Posted Date
11 months ago(6/24/2025 7:45 PM)
Job ID
6515
Clearance Requirement
Public Trust
Overview
We are looking for seasoned Machine Learning Engineer to work with our existing team of Data Scientists and Engineers to use AI/ML technology in supporting Federal use cases.  We are looking for a more than just a "Machine Learning Engineer", but a technologist with excellent communication and customer service skills and a passion for data and problem solving.
Contributions
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and develop machine learning models and algorithms to address business needs.Analyze and process large datasets to extract meaningful insights and patterns.Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate machine learning solutions into existing systems and workflows.Optimize and fine-tune machine learning models for performance, scalability, and accuracy.Implement and maintain data pipelines to support machine learning workflows.Evaluate the effectiveness of machine learning models using appropriate metrics and validation techniques.Document processes, experiments, and results to ensure reproducibility and knowledge sharing.Deploy machine learning models to production environments and monitor their performance.Stay updated with the latest research and trends in AI to implement cutting-edge solutions.Support an Agile software development lifecycleYou will contribute to the growth of our AI & Data Exploitation Practice!
Qualifications
Ability to hold a position of public trust with the US government.Bachelor's degree in computer science, data science/statistics, information systems, engineering, business, or a scientific or technical discipline2-4 years industry experience developing ML/AI solutions and a passion for solving complex problems.2-4 years industry experience with machine learning frameworks and libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or scikit-learn.Strong programming skills in languages such as Python, R, or Java.Solid understanding of statistical methods, data structures, and algorithms.Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation techniques.Familiarity with big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, or similar.Knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure.Experience with version control systems, such as Git, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) practices.Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.Strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines.
About steampunk
Steampunk relies on several factors to determine salary, including but not limited to geographic location, contractual requirements, education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience. The projected compensation range for this position is $115,000 to $150,000.  The estimate displayed represents a typical annual salary range for this position. Annual salary is just one aspect of Steampunk’s total compensation package for employees. Learn more about additional Steampunk benefits here.  Identity StatementAs part of the application process, you are expected to be on camera during interviews and assessments. We reserve the right to take your picture to verify your identity and prevent fraud. Steampunk is a Change Agent in the Federal contracting industry, bringing new thinking to clients in the Homeland, Federal Civilian, Health and DoD sectors.  Through our Human-Centered delivery methodology, we are fundamentally changing the expectations our Federal clients have for true shared accountability in solving their toughest mission challenges.  As an employee-owned company, we focus on investing in our employees to enable them to do the greatest work of their careers – and rewarding them for outstanding contributions to our growth. If you want to learn more about our story, visit http://www.steampunk.com. We are an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Steampunk participates in the E-Verify program.
Options
Apply for this job onlineApplyShareRefer a FriendRefer
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.
Share on your newsfeed
Need help finding the right job?
We can recommend jobs specifically for you!
Click here to get started.
Application FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com