Skip to Main ContentAstrion
Please Enable Cookies to Continue
Please enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.
Welcome page
Returning Candidate?
Log back in!
AI Engineer
Job Locations
US-TN-Arnold AFB
Job Post Information* : Posted Date
1 month ago(4/21/2026 4:02 PM)
Requisition Number
2026-23750
Category
Digital Enterprise
Category
Digital Enterprise
Overview
Job Title:                        AI EngineerLocation:                        Arnold AFB, TNJob Family Code:            Digital EnterpriseFunction/Branch:           Engineering/Digital EnterpriseDirectorate:                    Engineering & Tech SupportPosition Type:                Regular, Full-Time                                    Pay Type:                       ExemptGrade:                             L06 (OA0643) – L07 (OA0741)Salary Range or Starting Hourly Rate:  Grade 06: $85,000 - $115,000 / year; Grade 07 $105,000 - $130,000 Who We AreBeyond New Horizons (BNH) is a fully populated joint venture of Astrion and Fluor Federal Services, Inc. formed to provide unmatched Test Operations and Sustainment services for the Arnold Engineering Development Complex.Our name honors the legacy of AEDC’s Toward New Horizons founding study. BNH expands AEDC’s capacity by leveraging our parent companies' expertise in military and space system testing. We deliver proven results in large-scale program management, engineering, and construction for technically advanced, high-hazard facilities. OverviewBeyond New Horizons, LLC (BNH) is seeking a talented AI Engineer to join our Digital Enterprise team. In this role, you will lead the implementation of data-centered projects that directly improve AEDC’s ground test data infrastructure, facility operations, and business systems. You will work with multidisciplinary teams to find new opportunities to leverage data, drive critical decisions, and help design a modern data architecture from the ground up.This is a unique opportunity to apply your AI and data engineering skills to solve complex challenges of national importance. Open to internal and external candidates. The selected candidate for this requisition may be required to occasionally (e.g. application upgrades) work outside normal business hours. **If you are seeing this posting on a job board, BNH highly recommends you apply directly on the Careers Center page of our business website (https://careers-bnh.icims.com/jobs). Job board applications are not always compatible with company applicant tracking systems. **   Job SummaryBeyond New Horizons, LLC (BNH) is the team selected by the U.S. Air Force to conduct Test and Operations Sustainment at the Arnold Engineering Development Complex (AEDC) at Arnold Air Force Base in Tennessee.  AEDC operates more than 55 aerodynamic and propulsion wind tunnels, rocket and turbine engine test cells, space environmental chambers, arc heaters, ballistic ranges and other specialized units located in six states. Many of the complex's test units have capabilities unmatched elsewhere in the United States; some are unique in the world. AEDC is one of three installations which are part of the Air Force Test Center (AFTC), one of six subordinate commands of the Air Force Materiel Command organization, and an important national resource. AEDC’s mission is to conduct developmental test and evaluation for the Nation through modeling, simulation, and ground and flight test.  Execution of the mission requires a large team of highly qualified and dedicated professionals from multiple technical disciplines to effectively accomplish the objectives of our test customers. Job Duties:Develop and implement enterprise-level artificial intelligence (AI) strategies and programs.Automate manual processes and optimize data delivery by re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.Utilize machine learning tools to select features, build, and optimize classifiers that generate actionable insights from complex test data.Identify, assess, and integrate new data sources and data-gathering techniques.Lead AI proof-of-concept projects to explore new applications and technologies.Collaborate with diverse engineering and technical teams to implement models and monitor their outcomes.Define and develop processes to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.It is a condition of employment to wear company issued PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) in accordance with supervisory direction and company policy. Perform other related duties as required.  Basic Qualifications:Grade 06: A Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university.Grade 07: A Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related field from an accredited university and at least 2 years of relevant experience.Must be a current U.S. Citizen and able to obtain and maintain a se